# CA10 - Object Oriented Programming Review

## Problems

1. Print out a list of phone numbers when you print out the contact information.
   * Print "Contact has no phone numbers." when there are no phone numbers for the contact.
2. Print out a list of labels when your print out the contact information.
   * Print "Contact has no labels." when there are no labels for the contact.
3. Add a list of emails to the contact. Print out the list of emails when you print out the contact information.
4. Implement a method `search_by_label(label)` which searches for contacts with the label `label` in their list of labels.
5. Implement a method `delete_contact(contact)` which deletes a contact from the contact book or prints an error message if the contact is not found.
6. Implement a method `add_email(email)` which adds an email to the list of contact emails
7. Implement a method `update_name(fname, lname)` which updates the name fields. If the parameter is skipped, the value is **not** updated.
8. Add a dictionary of phone numbers, and set the first phone number to the key 'primary'.
9. Pretty print the **ContactBook** class
   * Print the total number of contacts.
   * Print the total number of contacts without phone numbers.
   * Print the total number of contacts without an email.
10. Implement a method to ask the user for the values to create a new contact then add that contact to the contact book.
11. Create a menu and allow to user to choose between
    1.  Creating a new contact
    2.  Updating an existing contact
    3.  Deleting a contact
    4.  Printing a contact
12. Implement a method `validate(email)` which checks if the `email` parameter is in a valid format (someuser@somehost.tld). Run this check before adding a new email to the list of emails.
13. Print the message "A new contact book has been created." in the correct place.
14. Implement `find_by_name(fname, lname)` and `find_by_email(email)` and `find_by_phone(phone)`, all three methods return the contact if a valid contact was found. Otherwise return `None`.
    * Update and enhance your previous implementation to make use of these methods.
    * Implement `find_by_name(fname, lname)` as a polymorphic method. 
15. Implement `find_special()` which returns the contact with the biggest number of labels in the contact book.

## Solutions

You can find suggested solutions to the problems above [here](./CA10-solutions/).