# PA01 - Basic Types and Structures with Basic Flow Control

	Course: Web Application Development Using Python (ICTC5)
	Instructor: George Khoury
	Revision: 1
	Last updated: 8-07-2020
	Submission Date: 12-07-2020 by 10:00am

## Problems

### Problem 1 - Pi Maker

Given a string `pi = "3.14159265"`, iterate over every item in that list and then store the item along with its index into `some_pi = [(0,1), (1, 4), (2,1), (3, 5), (4, 9),...]`. 

* You **cannot** use the `for x in y` to loop over the string.
* You can use `len()` and `range()`.

### Problem 2 - How strong is my password?

You are building a password strength checker. Write a program to check the validity of a password given as input from the user. 

Use the following criteria to calculate a `Relative Password Score (RPS)` for the password, and then print out the password and password strength to the user.

1. Start with the length of the password as the initial value for `RPS`. 
   1. If the length of the password is **bigger** than `15` set it to `15`.
   2. If the length of the password is **lower** than `5` set it to `5`.
2. Divide `50` by the ratio between the count of the upper to lower characters.
   1. 50/(count uppercase / count lowercase) = x, then add that value to `RPS`.
3. Add two points to `RPS` for every special character in the password.
4. `Extra credit` - Your program should accept a sequence of comma separated values, check their `RPS` scores and print a table showing the password and their respective RPS scores.
5. `Extra credit` - Print additional information about each password. Length, counts of symbols, etc. 
6. Make sure the value of `RPS` is always an integer.

#### Sample Input and Output

If the following passwords are given as input to the program:
```bash

Enter a password:
ABd1234@1,a

RPS: 25 - Not safe!

```

### Problem 3 - The Mars Rover

Write a program which controls the movement of a rover on the planet Mars.

* Use a tuple to keep track of the position of your rover `position = (0,0)`.
* Your program should read a string of actions and the rover should change position accordingly.
* `Extra credit` read the initial position of the rover from the user.
* `Extra credit` draw a rover on a grid, and update the position to reflect the current position.

#### Sample Input and Output

```bash
U 2
R 2
U 2
U 2
R 1
L 2

Current position: (1,6)
```

### Problem 4 - Come again.

Write a program to compute the frequency of the words from a sentence provided as input from the user. The output should display the words along with their frequencies for all words that appear twice or more in the input sentence. `Extra credit - Sort the output alphabetically.` 

#### Sample Input and Output

* For the input `I love Python! Python is easy to read, easy to understand. Which Python 2 or Python 3?`
* The output would be:
  * Python: 4
  * to: 2
  * easy: 2

### Problem 5 - Squares 2.0

Write a program which will generate a list of square values in a range between `x` and `y` both included.

#### Sample Input and Output

* For `x=5` and `y=12`, `sqaures=[25, 36, 49, 64, 81, 100, 121, 144]`

## Submission

You can find suggested solutions to the problems above here.