# PA04 - Contact Book 2.0

> Submission Date: 09-08-2020 10:00am

This assignment will focus on three different topics.

1. Decorators
2. Basic file IO in Python
3. Branching, merging, and reverting changes using Git

## Submission

* Create a **public** Github repository with the name `PA04_{LASTNAME}_{FIRSTINITIAL}`.
* Add and commit all of your changes, make sure you also push your changes to remote.
* Submit the link for your repository on **Microsoft Teams** under **Assignments**.
  * Remember to click the `Turn in` button.
* Try to document your code properly :).
* Try to adhere to the Python language conventions.

## Problem

Update your previous implementation of the contact book application.

1. Implement a method `pretty_name()` decorator to make sure **first** and **last** names are always capitalized before being printed.
   * Make sure you decorate all relevant methods using your decorator.
2. Implement a model to save the all of the data in a CSV (comma separated value) format. 
   * Store your data in a text file.
   * Store all of the data for all contacts.
   * Read all of the existing data when you run your contact book program again.
   * Print the total count of loaded contacts.
   * Allow the user to export all contacts to a filename they choose.
3. Implement proper error handling for invalid input provided by the user.
   * This also includes error messages when the user searches for invalid values, or updates invalid values.
4. Implement a mechanism to allow the user to **add** or **remove** contacts from the terminal.
5. Implement a menu to allow the user to select and interact fully with your program using the menu.
6. Implement a method `generate_report()` which will write statistics about your contact book into a file.
    * This can contain total number of contacts, contacts without emails, and contacts without phone numbers. Number of contacts with both emails and phone numbers, etc.
    * This can also contain statistics about the tags are are most commonly used in your contact book.
7. Generate sufficient data, and import the data correctly into your program.
    * Make sure you also add your testing data to your Git repository for testing purposes.