# PA08 - FlaskDo v3.0

> Submission Date: 20-09-2020 10:00am

## Submission

* Use your **own** fork of the [FlaskDo](https://github.com/geokhoury/HTU-PA06-flaskdo) repository on Github.
* Commit often, and push your changes to Github. Remember to write good commit messages.
* Submit the link for your repository on **Microsoft Teams** under **Assignments**.
  * Remember to click the `Turn in` button :).

### General Notes

* **Think about your data model.** Use a paper and a pencil to design the data model.
* **Write clear and concise comment lines.**
* Follow the Python naming convention.
  * Use clear and descriptive names for your variables and methods.  
  * Use clear and descriptive names for your routes, views, and blueprints.
* Add any additional project requirements to `requirements.txt`.
* Use blueprints and views or organize your application routes and views.
* Use **MongoDB** to persist all of your data. 
  * Add some testing data to your schema.
* Make sure all protected routes are annotated with the **@login_required** decorator.

For this practical assignment you will be implementing additional functionality in your FlaskDo application from PA07.
Note the number of problems to solve from each section.

### Basic Problems (**Implement all 10**)

1. Use Bootstrap to enhance the UI/UX.
   * Make sure your pages are correctly implemented according to the [Bootstrap Grid](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/layout/grid/) system.
   * Make sure your navigation correctly implements the [Bootstrap Nav](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/components/navbar/) component.
   * Consider checking all of your pages (sign up page, login page, user profile, etc.)
2. Enhance your sign up form. Make use of the available [Bootstrap components](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/components)
   * Remember to add any missing fields from the user profile.
   * Think about which fields are **required**.
   * Think about the placeholders for each of the fields.
3. Enhance your index page to display some of your application features when the user is not logged in.
   * [Here](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/examples/) are some good examples built using Bootstrap.
4. Add creation and update timestamps on all tasks and lists.
5. Enhance your index page to display general information about your lists and tasks when the user is logged in. 
6. Implement a delete account feature.
   * Confirm the deletion request with the user before deleting the account.
7. Implement a basic search for tasks based on title and description.
8. Implement sub-tasks. A user can create sub-tasks for any given task.
9. Implement a **Favorites list**. 
   * A user can mark any task as favorite, the user can then see that task in their favorites list..
   * Remember to add a link to the **Favorites** list in the navbar.
10. Allow the user to control the visibility of lists. 
    * **Private lists** are only visible to the user. 
    * **Public lists** are visible to anyone with a link.


### Junior Level Problems (**Choose 6**)

1. Implement the change password functionality. Ask the user to provide the current password before changing the password.
2. Add labels to tasks. Look at the [Bootstrap Badge component](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/components/badge/).
   *  Each task can be assigned an existing label by typing the label name. 
   *  If the user choose a label that does not exist, it is created.
3. Implement a filter on tasks. You can filter based on the following:
   * **Labels** -- A user can select a label from a list, and only those tasks will be displayed.
   * **Visibility** -- A user can filter tasks based on the visibility field.
4. Implement sorting on all tables in your application. You can sort the tasks list based on the following:
   * Most Recently Updated
   * Least Recently Updated
   * Most Recently Created
   * Least Recently Created
5. Implement sorting on tasklists. You can sort the task lists based on the following:
   * Most Recently Updated
   * Least Recently Updated
   * Most Recently Created
   * Least Recently Created
6. Implement a 'Due' view and display three sections. Look at the [Bootstrap Nav component](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.5/components/navs/).
   * **Overdue** - A table with all tasks overdue tasks.
   * **Due Today** - A table with all tasks due today.
   * **Due This Week** - A table with all tasks due this week.
7. Build a route which allows the user to use their username to view their public profile and share it with other users.
   * Example: `/user/cookie` will return a list of public tasklists and basic information about the user.

### Senior Level Problems (**Choose 2**)

1. Create a public share link where a user can share a list publicly using a link. 
   * The public link provides anyone with the link read-only access to view the list.
2. Allow the user to upload a profile picture instead of providing a URL for the user avatar.
3. Create a dashboard with a summary of information about the tasks, lists and tags. Completion dates and any additional information that could be helpful in a dashboard (look for Bootstrap charts).
4. Implement search based on all attributes for a tasklist (name, number of tasks, etc.) and task (title, description, labels, creation date, etc).
