# CA11 - Introduction to Git


For this assignment your will be developing an object oriented Python project. Your performance will be assessed based on two things:

* How well do you understand and can apply OOP principles?
* How well do you understand and can use Git for version control?
  * Remember to write clear commit messages, and to commit often.

# Recipe

For this OOP project, you are going to build a Recipe class. Implement the following list of features.

* Add the attributes `name` and `preparation_time` to your `Recipe` class.
* Implement `print_ingredients()` - Prints "To make {name} you will need:" followed by the **list of ingredients** formatted with a `\t *` at the beginning of the line.
* Implement `print_instructions()` - Prints "To make {name} you need to do the following:" followed by the **list of instructions** formatted with a `\t +` at the beginning of the line.
* Implement `add_ingredient(ingredient)` - Adds `ingredient` to the **list of ingredients**.
  * Make sure the ingredient is not empty.
* Implement`add_instruction(instruction)` - Adds `instruction` to the **list of instructions**.
  * Make sure the instruction is not empty.
* Implement  `read_ingredients()` - Reads the **list of ingredients** from `ingredients.txt`.
* Implement  `read_instructions()` - Reads the **list of instructions** from `instructions.txt`.
* Create a new class `Kitchen`, create multiple instances of the `Recipe` class, and add ingredients and instructions for your favorite recipes, then add all of the recipes to a list called `my_recipes`.
  * Iterate over the list of your favorite recipes and call methods to print both ingredients and instructions for each recipe in the list.


# Git Commands - Cheat sheet

## Creating / cloning a Git repository

* You can use `git init .` to initialize a new Git repository in the current directory.
* You can use `git clone [REMOTE_URL]` to clone a remote repository.

## Understanding your repository

* You can use `git status` to see the status of your repository.

## Tracking files

* You can use `git add FILENAME` to add a file to Git tracking.

## Committing changes

* You can use `git commit -m "My descriptive message."` to commit changes to your local repository.

## Pushing changes

* you can use `git push` to push your changes to the remote upstream.

## Solutions

You can find suggested solutions to the problems above [here](./CA11-solutions/).