# CA07 - Programming Skills

## Problems

1. Create a function that receives a non-negative integer and returns the factorial of that number.
   * Avoid using built-in functions to solve this challenge.

2. You work for a book store, and have been asked to calculate the total profit made on the sales of any given book. You are given a dictionary containing the cost price per book (in JOD), sell price per unit (in JOD), and the starting inventory. Return the total profit made, rounded to the nearest JOD. Assume all of the inventory has been sold.
   * [{ "cost_price": 32.67, "sell_price": 45.00, "inventory": 1200},
   * { "cost_price": 32.67, "sell_price": 45.00, "inventory": 1200},
   * { "cost_price": 32.67, "sell_price": 45.00, "inventory": 1200},
   * { "cost_price": 32.67, "sell_price": 45.00, "inventory": 1200},
   * { "cost_price": 32.67, "sell_price": 45.00, "inventory": 1200},
   * { "cost_price": 32.67, "sell_price": 45.00, "inventory": 1200}]

3. Given two lines, determine whether or not they are parallel.
   * Lines are represented by a list [a, b, c], which corresponds to the line ax+by=c.
   * Two lines are parallels if they have the same slope and the y-intercepts are different. If the slopes are different, the lines are not parallel.
   * All test cases use valid input (no lists of the wrong size, for example).
   * All coefficients will be integers (whole numbers).

4. Create a function that flips a horizontal list into a vertical list, and a vertical list into a horizontal list.
   * In other words, take an 1 x n list (1 row + n columns) and flip it into a n x 1 list (n rows and 1 column), and vice versa.
   * If given an empty list [], return an empty list [].

5. Build a simple encryption algorithm. Your algorithm does the following:
   1. Read input `"apple"`.
   2. Reverse input `"elppa"`.
   3. Add "aca" to the end of the word: "1lpp0aca"
   *  `encrypt("banana") ➞ "0n0n0baca"`


## Solutions

You can find suggested solutions to the problems above [here](./CA07-solutions/).