# CA13 - Introduction to Flask

For this class assignment you will be building your first web application using Flask.

We will focus on the following topics:

* Initialize and active a new virtual environment for your project.
* Install your project dependencies.
  * You can read about the Flask requirements [here](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/installation/#dependencies). 
* Build some basics Flask routes and write some Python code.
* Serve your web application using the development server.

## Reading Resources

### Virtual Environments

* [The `venv` module](https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html)
* [Using Python environments in VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/environments)

### Flask

* [The Flask User Guide](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/)
* [How to install Flask?](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/installation/)
* [Virtual Environments for Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/installation/#virtual-environments)

## Hello, Flask

The objective of this simple web application is to get you accustomed to the Flask framework basics.

* Add the attributes `name` and `preparation_time` to your `Recipe` class.
* Implement `print_ingredients()` - Prints "To make {name} you will need:" followed by the **list of ingredients** formatted with a `\t *` at the beginning of the line.
* Implement `print_instructions()` - Prints "To make {name} you need to do the following:" followed by the **list of instructions** formatted with a `\t +` at the beginning of the line.
* Implement `add_ingredient(ingredient)` - Adds `ingredient` to the **list of ingredients**.
  * Make sure the ingredient is not empty.
* Implement`add_instruction(instruction)` - Adds `instruction` to the **list of instructions**.
  * Make sure the instruction is not empty.
* Implement  `read_ingredients()` - Reads the **list of ingredients** from `ingredients.txt`.
* Implement  `read_instructions()` - Reads the **list of instructions** from `instructions.txt`.
* Create a new class `Kitchen`, create multiple instances of the `Recipe` class, and add ingredients and instructions for your favorite recipes, then add all of the recipes to a list called `my_recipes`.
  * Iterate over the list of your favorite recipes and call methods to print both ingredients and instructions for each recipe in the list. Also print the needed preparation time for each recipe.


# Git Commands - Cheat sheet

## Creating / cloning a Git repository

* You can use `git init .` to initialize a new Git repository in the current directory.
* You can use `git clone [REMOTE_URL]` to clone a remote repository.

## Understanding your repository

* You can use `git status` to see the status of your repository.

## Tracking files

* You can use `git add FILENAME` to add a file to Git tracking.

## Committing changes

* You can use `git commit -m "My descriptive message."` to commit changes to your local repository.

## Pushing changes

* you can use `git push` to push your changes to the remote upstream.

## Solutions

You can find suggested solutions to the problems above [here](./CA11-solutions/).